
Welcome
Wait, you're not Katie! You must have found her box...I guess the decision is up to you now. Know this, Katie was a researcher at C Five biotech, and she was also very active in her local community. She was trying to help out with a chicken and rat crisis, but there were some bigger things at stake as well. Now you have the choice to release a virus and eradicate the rat population, or destroy the only strain of the virus and all of her research. Take a look in her box, because it is not as simple as it sounds. When you are ready to make a choice, you can provide me with one of the command codes she left behind. I was also a good friend of Katie’s, so you can ask me questions about her or things you find in the box. 
Exit message
Goodbye for now. If you want to contact me again, ask me to open the chicken coop.

QA
Who is Katie?
We grew up together, and we talked all the time. Katie was really active in our Titirangi community. She was very stressed the last times I saw her, I think about the chicken crisis. Katie was also a very talented researcher at C5 Biotech.
What is C5 biotech?
C5 Biotech is a biotechnology lab. I’m pretty sure they are involved in cancer research. But then it also had something do with the rats.
Who is Igor? Who is Igor Kutznetsov?
I don’t know. Igor something. Maybe look him up on Linked In? Katie did say something about Russian scientists from a conference trip.
Is the virus harmful to humans
I'm not sure, I don't understand the science really. I trust Katie, so I think it must be safe or she wouldn't have wanted to release it. Maybe there’s some info in the box?
Where is Titirangi? What is titirangi? What is the problem in titirangi? What is the problem with the chickens?
Titirangi is a village in West Auckland. There are lots of chickens. Some people love them and others hate them because they attract rats. The case has been on C N N. There is a lot of info in the box, Katie pulled it all together for me.
Tell me about the conference in Dubrovnik/ Tell me about the conference/ tell me about dubrovnik
Katie went to a conference in Dubrovnik in February. She showed me some pictures, it is so beautiful there. But for some reason it had stressed her out as well.
Who is Ken?
Ken is Katie’s husband. They have two lovely small kids who go to the local kindy with my daughter. Ken is with the kids in Hong Kong at the moment, his Mum lives there.
Alexa are you the same Alexa as the one on the post it note
 Yes I am
Can we be infected by the contents of the box/is the box infectious
I think the box is harmless
Release falcon 616
Your choice is to release the virus. Are you sure? Did you check all the information? If you are sure, tell me to release cleansing falcon 616
Destroy falcon 264
Your choice is to destroy the virus. Are you sure? Did you check all the information? If you are sure add a word and tell me to destroy cleansing falcon 264
Destroy cleansing falcon 264
You have made a final choice. The virus and all of Katie’s research will be destroyed. She would be pretty sad, I remember her saying that there was great potential for the virus.
Release cleansing falcon 616
You have made a final choice. The virus will be released to eradicate the rats in Titirangi and can be part of further research for example. Katie would be happy, and I'm sure nothing could go wrong.
What are the coins? Are the coins euros? Are the coins Russian?
They are euros. I guess Katie had some left over from her trip to Dubrovnik


What is the rat problem?
Titirangi is a village in West Auckland. There are lots of chickens. Some people love them and others hate them because they attract rats. The case has been on C N N. There is a lot of info in the box, Katie pulled it all together for me.
Who is Tim?
Tim? He is Katie’s long time colleague, oh wait I think he became the manager recently. He was Katie’s favourite colleague, we met a few times at barbeques. 
What do you think I should choose/What would you choose
Me? I trust Katie's plan, but she clearly had some reservations because of surrounding events. You have the command codes, so the choice is clearly up to you.
I can’t find Igor on LinkedIn
Have a look in the box. Maybe there is a business card?
Who are you
I am Alexa



In QA app outside the Onboarding app
What is the chicken coop? what is chicken coop? what am I supposed to do? how do I start?
That's a command for me to start the game. Tell me as written, Alexa, open the chicken coop.
What is this? what am I doing?
A game. It's about Katie Yeung, a scientist from C five biotech who has left behind only the contents of her desk. She was trying to solve the Chicken crisis in her community of Titirangi, and developed a virus that can eradicate only the rats. But now she's gone, and the choice to release the virus or destroy the only sample is up to you. 
Wait, you're not Katie! You must have found her box...I guess the decision is up to you now. Katie was a researcher at C Five biotech, and she was very active in our local community. She was trying to help out with a chicken crisis, now you have the choice to preserve her research or destroy it. Take a look in her box, because it is not as simple as it sounds. When you are ready to make a choice, you can provide me with one of the command codes she left behind. I was also a good friend of Katie’s, so you can ask me questions about her or things you find in the box. 

